bower_components/system.js/README.md, before:

SystemJS
========

[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/systemjs/systemjs?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

Universal dynamic module loader - loads ES6 modules, AMD, CommonJS and global scripts in the browser and NodeJS. Works with both Traceur and Babel.

Designed as a collection of extensions to the [ES6 module loader](https://github.com/ModuleLoader/es6-module-loader) which can also be applied individually.

* [Loads any module format](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Module-Format-Support) with [exact circular reference and binding support](https://github.com/ModuleLoader/es6-module-loader/wiki/Circular-References-&-Bindings).
* Loads [ES6 modules compiled into the `System.register` bundle format for production](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Production-Workflows), maintaining circular references support.
* Supports RequireJS-style [map](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Map-Configuration), [paths](https://github.com/ModuleLoader/es6-module-loader/wiki/Configuring-the-Loader#paths-implementation), [bundles](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Production-Workflows#bundle-extension) and [global shims](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Module-Format-Support#globals-global).
* [Loader plugins](#plugins) allow loading assets through the module naming system such as CSS, JSON or images.

Designed to work with the [ES6 Module Loader polyfill](https://github.com/ModuleLoader/es6-module-loader) (9KB) for a combined total footprint of 16KB minified and gzipped.

Runs in IE8+ and NodeJS.

For discussion, [see the Google Group](https://groups.google.com/group/systemjs).

For a list of guides and tools, see the [community project page](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Community-Projects).

Documentation
---

* [Basic Use](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Basic-Use)
* [Loader Configuration](https://github.com/ModuleLoader/es6-module-loader/wiki/Configuring-the-Loader)
* [Map Configuration](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Map-Configuration)
* [Meta Configuration](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Meta-Configuration)
* [Module Format Support](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Module-Format-Support)
* [Relative Dynamic Loading](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Relative-Dynamic-Loading)
* [Versions Extension](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Versions-Extension)
* [Production Workflows](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Production-Workflows)
* [Creating Plugins](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Creating-a-Plugin)
* [Creating a Custom Module Format](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Creating-a-Custom-Format-Extension)

Getting Started
---

### Browser Use

Download [`es6-module-loader.js`](https://github.com/ModuleLoader/es6-module-loader/blob/v0.13.0/dist/es6-module-loader.js) into the same folder as `system.js`.

Load SystemJS with a single script tag:

```html
<script src="system.js"></script>
```

It will load `es6-module-loader.js` itself.

To load ES6, locate [`traceur.js`](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmcriffey/bower-traceur/0.0.82/traceur.js) in the same folder and it will be loaded when needed.

For use with Babel set:

```html
<script>
  System.transpiler = 'babel';
</script>
```

Alternatively a custom path to Babel can also be set:

```html
<script src="system.js" data-babel-src="path/to/babel.js"></script>
```

### NodeJS Use

To load modules in NodeJS, install SystemJS with:

```
  npm install systemjs
```

We can then load modules equivalently to in the browser:

```javascript
var System = require('systemjs');

/* 
 * Include
 *   System.transpiler = 'babel';
 * to use Babel instead of Traceur
 */

// loads './app.js' from the current directory
System.import('./app').then(function(m) {
  console.log(m);
});
```

If configuring `baseURL` for use in Windows, prepend `file:` i.e.

```javascipt
System.config({
 baseURL: 'file:' + path.resolve('../path')
});
```

### Plugins

Plugins handle alternative loading scenarios, including loading assets such as CSS or images, and providing custom transpilation scenarios.

Supported Plugins:

* [CSS](https://github.com/systemjs/plugin-css) `System.import('my/file.css!')`
* [Image](https://github.com/systemjs/plugin-image) `System.import('some/image.png!image')`
* [JSON](https://github.com/systemjs/plugin-json) `System.import('some/data.json!').then(function(json){})`
* [Text](https://github.com/systemjs/plugin-text) `System.import('some/text.txt!text').then(function(text) {})`

Additional Plugins:

* [CoffeeScript](https://github.com/forresto/plugin-coffee) `System.import('./test.coffee!')`
* [Jade](https://github.com/johnsoftek/plugin-jade)
* [JSX](https://github.com/floatdrop/plugin-jsx) `System.import('template.jsx!')`
* [Markdown](https://github.com/guybedford/plugin-md) `System.import('app/some/project/README.md!').then(function(html) {})`
* [WebFont](https://github.com/guybedford/plugin-font) `System.import('google Port Lligat Slab, Droid Sans !font')`

[Read the guide here on creating plugins](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Creating-a-Plugin).

#### Running the tests

To install the dependencies correctly, run `bower install` from the root of the repo, then open `test/test.html` in a browser with a local server
or file access flags enabled.

License
---

MIT

Commit message:

Updated node_modules and bower_components
Newest version of Traceur, SystemJS, es6-module-loader.
Also update chai and some other dev dependencies.

bower_components/system.js/README.md, after:

SystemJS
========

[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/systemjs/systemjs?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

Universal dynamic module loader - loads ES6 modules, AMD, CommonJS and global scripts in the browser and NodeJS. Works with both Traceur and Babel.

Designed as a collection of extensions to the [ES6 module loader](https://github.com/ModuleLoader/es6-module-loader) which can also be applied individually.

* [Loads any module format](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Module-Format-Support) with [exact circular reference and binding support](https://github.com/ModuleLoader/es6-module-loader/wiki/Circular-References-&-Bindings).
* Loads [ES6 modules compiled into the `System.register` bundle format for production](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Production-Workflows), maintaining circular references support.
* Supports RequireJS-style [map](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Map-Configuration), [paths](https://github.com/ModuleLoader/es6-module-loader/wiki/Configuring-the-Loader#paths-implementation), [bundles](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Production-Workflows#bundle-extension) and [global shims](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Module-Format-Support#globals-global).
* [Loader plugins](#plugins) allow loading assets through the module naming system such as CSS, JSON or images.

Designed to work with the [ES6 Module Loader polyfill](https://github.com/ModuleLoader/es6-module-loader) (9KB) for a combined total footprint of 16KB minified and gzipped.

Runs in IE8+ and NodeJS.

For discussion, [see the Google Group](https://groups.google.com/group/systemjs).

For a list of guides and tools, see the [community project page](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Community-Projects).

Documentation
---

* [Basic Use](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Basic-Use)
* [Loader Configuration](https://github.com/ModuleLoader/es6-module-loader/wiki/Configuring-the-Loader)
* [Map Configuration](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Map-Configuration)
* [Meta Configuration](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Meta-Configuration)
* [Module Format Support](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Module-Format-Support)
* [Relative Dynamic Loading](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Relative-Dynamic-Loading)
* [Versions Extension](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Versions-Extension)
* [Production Workflows](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Production-Workflows)
* [Creating Plugins](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Creating-a-Plugin)
* [Creating a Custom Module Format](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Creating-a-Custom-Format-Extension)

Getting Started
---

### Browser Use

Download [`es6-module-loader.js`](https://github.com/ModuleLoader/es6-module-loader/blob/v0.13.0/dist/es6-module-loader.js) into the same folder as `system.js`.

Load SystemJS with a single script tag:

```html
<script src="system.js"></script>
```

It will load `es6-module-loader.js` itself.

To load ES6, locate [`traceur.js`](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmcriffey/bower-traceur/0.0.82/traceur.js) in the same folder and it will be loaded when needed.

For use with Babel set:

```html
<script>
  System.transpiler = 'babel';
</script>
```

Alternatively a custom path to Babel can also be set:

```html
<script src="system.js" data-babel-src="path/to/babel.js"></script>
```

### NodeJS Use

To load modules in NodeJS, install SystemJS with:

```
  npm install systemjs
```

We can then load modules equivalently to in the browser:

```javascript
var System = require('systemjs');

/* 
 * Include
 *   System.transpiler = 'babel';
 * to use Babel instead of Traceur
 */

// loads './app.js' from the current directory
System.import('./app').then(function(m) {
  console.log(m);
});
```

If configuring `baseURL` for use in Windows, prepend `file:` i.e.

```javascipt
System.config({
 baseURL: 'file:' + path.resolve('../path')
});
```

### Plugins

Plugins handle alternative loading scenarios, including loading assets such as CSS or images, and providing custom transpilation scenarios.

Supported Plugins:

* [CSS](https://github.com/systemjs/plugin-css) `System.import('my/file.css!')`
* [Image](https://github.com/systemjs/plugin-image) `System.import('some/image.png!image')`
* [JSON](https://github.com/systemjs/plugin-json) `System.import('some/data.json!').then(function(json){})`
* [Text](https://github.com/systemjs/plugin-text) `System.import('some/text.txt!text').then(function(text) {})`

Additional Plugins:

* [CoffeeScript](https://github.com/forresto/plugin-coffee) `System.import('./test.coffee!')`
* [Jade](https://github.com/johnsoftek/plugin-jade)
* [JSX](https://github.com/floatdrop/plugin-jsx) `System.import('template.jsx!')`
* [Markdown](https://github.com/guybedford/plugin-md) `System.import('app/some/project/README.md!').then(function(html) {})`
* [WebFont](https://github.com/guybedford/plugin-font) `System.import('google Port Lligat Slab, Droid Sans !font')`

Plugins are loaded from the module name of the extension. To set them up, you'll most likely want to add map configuration. For example:

```javascript
System.map['css'] = 'path/to/css/plugin';
```

Loading through plugin is indicated with `!` at the end of the name:

```javascript
System.import('file.css!');      // will use the "css" plugin, assumed from the extension
System.import('file.css!text');  // will use the "text" plugin, instead of checking the extension
```

[Read the guide here on creating plugins](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/wiki/Creating-a-Plugin).

#### Running the tests

To install the dependencies correctly, run `bower install` from the root of the repo, then open `test/test.html` in a browser with a local server
or file access flags enabled.

License
---

MIT
